1		I enjoyed the duck tour but it would be much better with more informed background to the buildings, bridges, sites etc. particularly when the tour went through the downtown area. I also hoped for a more extensive land tour (e.g tourists do not need to know the price of entry to Marina Bay Sands but maybe some information about Stamford...

2		we didint realise we needed to book and turned up expecting to go on this only to find it was booked out for two days! was a great trip when we went on it kids loved it and a great way to see the sights before you explore further so I would suggest something to do on the first day
3		We didn't actually plan to take this ride on our trip to singapore this time. But seeing how enthusiastic our 3 years old was when she saw the vehicle on the road, we decided to go. It was the best decision ever!
We get to see another side of singapore which we won't see from land and our toddler had...

4		i bought ticket from internet, and when we go to the counter , the staff say we must booking first. becouse of that, we have to wait 1 hour, becouse the closed hour have been full by booking, although there are no que at that time.
there are not pleasant experience when my 3yr old boy entering the shop and...

5		We bought a two day pass for the bus tour and duck bus tour. It great value as it gets you around the city sites and you can hop on or off any time in different zones. We also took advantage of the free vouchers that gives you access to the viewing deck in the marina bay sands hotel ,which...

6		Just wrote an official complaint to Singapore Tourism Board and the board of Duck &amp; HiPPO Tour. The service of the staff is extremely impolite and terrible. Never visit such a tour!!!
7		Singaporeans get 20% discount. And that I think is a good deal. At least some kind of discount for locals who probably won't want to see Singapore from this vessel. At least that's what I thought.
But how wrong I was. We do have many locals who want to see Singapore from the comforts of the duck... and the hippo...

8		Wow..this Land and Sea Tour conducted by Duck and Hippo tour company is a wide eye opening in viewing of Historic of SINGAPORE Buildings, etc. Onboard Tour Guide is very well knowledgeable and very Courteous, kind, gentle in explaining throughout the whole 1 hour journey on Sea and Land Tour.
9		A fun thing to do for something different! The land part of the tour was probably not as long as I would've liked (only about 25 mins). The tour guide was very informative.
10		We really enjoyed this tour, the novelty was good fun and the guide was interesting and funny. We felt it was good value.
11		My first time taking this ducktour, experiencing the vehicle running on the road and on the water too. I've joined city pass agency for this tour, the agency was awful however,I recon the tour-guide-Ms Anna, she is professional. Explaining the building history, heritage and highlights in SG.
I have enjoyed the ducktour pretty much. Great experience~~
12		I recently took some friends who were visiting Singapore on the Duck and Hippo Original Bus Tour. Views of the city are great from the open top bus but the recorded audio guide was disappointing. It consisted of more annoying music than good information about the sights or history of Singapore. Also, due to traffic delays the audio tour was...

13		The tour was great for a great price but they need additional training on customer service. The selections are many and they get easily confused. It happened to several people.
14		My 1st time taking DUCKtours. Spore may be a small country but during the tour, I learned alot about the heritage, history and highlights about Spore! The tour guide was very interactive and funny as well=) Thank you for the great experience!
15		I took the Duck Tour (Darlene) on the first afternoon of my visit, and it served as a good orientation (I got the S$53 ticket that includes the Flyer). I've never done an amphibious tour before, so it was fun just on that account--you do 1/2 in the water, then 1/2 hour on the streets.. The guide was good at...

16		Reasonably entertaining. Gives you a reasonable sense of modern Singapore bay but not hugely illuminating.
17		Can't say this was the best Duck tour (I've been on Duck tours in Washington, Boston, and many other cities), but the water segment of this Duck tour made it worth it. What made Singapore Duck tour's especially good was a City Sightseeing pass that allowed for the Duck Tours, City Sightseeing Bus, free entries into various sites plus food...

18		We booked the Zoo (by accident) and Safari then the Hop on/off bus. At first we were sold the wrong tickets - we wanted to see the Pandas and we were sold the tickets for the Zoo where there are no pandas.
We explained to SHERWIN who is located outside the Zoo that we have been sold the wrong tickets...

19		we booked the 2 day Singapore pass and thought it was good value. We were able to use 3 different bus routes, a duck boat trip and a flight on the Singapore Flyer
20		The kids really had a blast and mom and dad enjoyed it too. The commentators style and the splash into Singapore river were the highlight. Got to take many photos too to add to the family album!
21		This ride goes on both land and water in a refurbished amphibious vehicle. It takes you around the major sights of downtown Singapore and the Marina Bay area. It was great fun for the kids. They loved going from road to water, pointing out the sights along the Singapore river and were singing and cheering.
Regular prices are a bit...

22		Singapore's no 1 local tour ssrvices..they have different pacakages out of which the below 2 are good and affordable:
1) City tour on open top bus covers almost every famous places and streets of the city.
2) Amphibian vehicle that covers the tour by singapore river and comes on to the streets.
23		We bought a 2 day special pass on the DUCK&amp;HIPPO tours from Suntec Mall operation. It was great, we got the Duck ride on the harbour and around the city, three routes on the hop-on hop-off open top buses which collectively went to all the places around the city, a Singapore Flyer ride, a Singapore River cruise, Sentosa bus, plus...

24		My kids loved to rides The Ducks Tour in Singapore. It is some kind of a car that can ride on the road and in the water. On the road, it rides around interesting places around singapore. In the water, it rides near the merlion statue. We can see the singapore flyer, marina bay sands park, etc. The tour guide...

25		During our recent trip to Singapore, my wife and I used the Duck Tours Hop-On Hop-Off bus tour as a way of getting around the city. With three slightly different routes, there is ample variety to get a good appreciation of Singapore. The timetables were accurate, and this made it easy to explore different areas such as Marina Bay Sands,...

26		There are many sight seeing companies in Singapore but this one offered a two day package for $79 SGD. The package included 1-Hop on/off buses on 3 slightly different routes, 2-A duck land &amp; water craft tour, 3-River cruise, 4-Singapore Flyer, 5-Chinatown &amp; Little India walking tours (the guide works for tips), 6-admission to many museums and the botanical garden,...

27		Hopped onto the Duck at Suntec City. I didn't catch the name of our guide ,but he was young, entertaining and proud of Singapore and it's history. I would recommend this tour to anyone!
28		Ducktours offers a relaxing way to take in the sights of modern day Singapore. Starting from the Singapore Flyer or from Suntec City, the amphibious vehicle will pass through downtown before entering the Kallang River to sail towards the Bay Area. Visit my apgclh channel on YouTube to catch a glimpse of the beautiful scenery along the way to decide...

29		This is a fun way to see Singapore on land &amp; water. My son loved the idea of going on the road &amp; then splashing into the river.
30		We booked the duck tours because of its novelty. The best part for the kids and us was when it entered the water from land. But after that it seemed more like a river cruise. The tour guide was well informed and did a good job of explaining everything, including a little bit of Singapore's history. I was interested, but...

31		We purchased a 48 hour pass that also gave entrance passes to many attractions around Singapore. The pass gave you unlimited hop on hop off access to the lovely double decker buses which take you to all the fun places around Singapore. The ticket included entry to Singapore Flyer, Duck tour (land/water vehicle), numerous museums, orchid gardens, Singapore river cruise...

32		This was a terrific way to see the special sights in Singapore. Enjoyed by kids too as they can purchase a duck whistle and quack away..... The tour is half done on a bus and half done on the water. A novel idea and highly recommended.
33		2in1 tour: city tour and river tour. Tips: buy city pass - bundled with Singapore flyer for more discount.
34		At the Duck Tours desk you can purchase 12 and 24 hour passes on airconditioned tour buses that travel 3 different routes through all hotspots in Singapore. You cant go wrong with this option as it gives you the greatest flexibility in how long you want to spend at which attraction / landmark.
35		We've already booked the 4.35 PM tour but we came late and the company offered us the 6.30 PM tour for free although we came late. The route was exciting with the view of Singapore city. The tour guide was interactive and really helpful, when the guests tried to took pictures. Things got more excited when the boat splashed the...

36		The duck boat tour was fun because it was kind of a novelty tour that we did. It takes you past all the Singapore landmarks in one trip so was very convenient. You see Marina Bay Sands, Gardens by the bay, the Merlion, the stadium, Singapore flyer while on water and then you drive past the raffles and the surrounding...

37		The good thing is the duck vehicle. It's uncommon vehicle, so many tourists are like it. The journey rute is not very special, because it has the same route with other boat riding. Overall, my sons like it, especially when the duck go down into the water. Splashhhh !
38		We were enthusiatic to know how the vehicle would enter the water. Well it was a good experience especially as we get to see the different landmarks together with the excellent commentary. Go with no expectation and enjoy the tour.
39		Nice tour from both street and the water, especially for children. But it's a little bit expensive for this kind of tour.
40		On 17 June 2013, I hopped on the Singapore Duck and was pleased to be served by a young guy who is very friendly and funny. Me and family was entertained by his jokes and speech. If I can recall, his name was James. I was with my family from Indonesia and they were thrilled by the young guy's entertainment...

41		Booked the Duck tour along with the Singapore Flyer. Tour was interesting - our 11 year old actually retained some of the information about Singapore.
The multilingual soundtrack was OK. Volume was adequate. Found the internal speakers in the Duck too loud however which spoilt the commentary from the staff on board.
Staff kept the passengers amused on the return...

42		For $63AUD I got the 2 days Singapore Pass with 12 tours and attractions. I easily made my way of SunTech City on the MRT to start my tour - my first was a DUCKtour which was in an amphibious vehicle that took us into the bay where I got a great perspective of the city - we had an...

43		we went for a ride on ducktour on 06/04/2013 with my family, it's was a very nice and exciting tours, it went to city area, and then went into the river near suntec city, when the boat went into he river, we all cheer out loughtly and happily.
44		We tried this tour, as a change, and thoroughly enjoyed the experience, but you should note that apparently there are 2 "Duck Tour" operators and it's difficult to differentiate. This short tour was fun, and is a "must do" if you want to see Singapore from the marina
45		Well this ride is nothing special if you have done it at least once. To me and my family which did it the first time it's great.
Great sights along the tour and historical. This is an amphibian which is actually slow on land and water.
A bit expensive but worth it the first time around.
46		I'm Angel from LA California. After 10 years that I never visited Singapore I'm so excited to buy a citysightseeing bus. I have this 2 day pass that I purchased at Singapore flyer and they assure me I can enjoy the hop-on and hop-off tour. Seeing the view totally amazed but not that all, I encounter this so called "bus...

47		Have some fun and combine with the Flyer. You see all sorts of things from land and water. The best tour is the last one at 6 pm as you see by day and night. Then go on Flyer. Combined tickets can be purchased well in advance so don't miss out. Can be purchased with hop on hop off option...

48		Using this duck boat, you'll find unusual riding experience, after start from Suntec, pick up other guest in Sing Flyer, it's bumpy on the road but slow in the water. The tour-guide is good, informative and try to be funny. overall OK, it should be done at least once in Singapore. Don't forget to use sunblock lotion and hat for...

49		I have been coming to Singapore since 1972. I love the place. I have only twice been on a tourist river cruise. The first was in 1979 when the Marina bay was still an active harbour with bum boats and the like plying their trade. The second was six years ago along the Singapore River. That was like doing a...

50		Unusual ride - bumpy on the road, slow in the water - but should be done at least once. Driving straight into the river from the road is a good experience. Urge the driver to go fast when they ask you if you want to get wet - it doesn't make a big splash at all, but is fun.
51		This was certainly great as a novelty trip but it was rather over priced for the length of the tour. It was more like a river tour than a city tour, the city bit, a loop around the park, seemed to be added as an after thought. From the way it is advertised you get the impression that you will...

52		Not really suitable for some disable people as there is a steep set of steps to get into the vehicle (see photos). A very good way to see some of the sights by land and water. There is good on board commentary by a license tour guide and you won't feel sea sick! You may get slightly splashed when the...

53		Sedate tour of Singapore which is good if you need too sit down for an hour. Had some interesting stories.
54		I don't know the difference between this and a river cruise in Singapore but we did this out of novelty value for our little girl, who fell asleep during it! It was ok, good to see Marina Bay Sands Hotel and the new gardens from the river but the commentary was pretty rubbish, all cost centric, how much this costs,...

55		Brilliant idea to take a Duck Tour from Flyer/ Suntec city tower to see attractions around . Approx 1 hr of land + water tour , while in water goes past Merlion, Marina Bay Sands, Stadium, Flyer, Golf course, etc etc, on land take u thru Raffles Hotel etc etc, Guided Tour commentary is quite informative
56		While on water trip is about 30 minutes, thereafter the operator seems to be in a hurry to dump you back,though promised time is one hour for the trip.
YOu are taken around the marina bay and are explained about various buildings and infra projects on the way. Interesting trip, may not be the best for a photographer, since you...

57		The mall departure point is convenient and central, but the departure itself was not well organised. We were (unluckily) there at the same time as a large tour group, and they seemed to be dominated much of the proceedings. We enjoyed the overview of Singapore afforded by the tour, and it was fun. The cost was not too dear, and...

58		My Thai girlfriend and I decided to take 5 of her nieces and nephews to Singapore as a treat. This was our second trip to the city in 5 weeks and we were keen to show the children as much as we could on a short 3 day trip. An agent in Bangkok arranged a hectic but achievable schedule for...

59		Really great experience. Just hop on, pay cash to the driver and adventure all over the city. I only waited about 5-10 minutes on every bus stop for the next bus. Not so friendly driver, but the amazing city tour made me didnt really care about it.
But they have to redistributed their new brochures they placed in hotels. The...

60		- excellent service in the sense that the staff went out of their way to get us to another location for an earlier tour as the current time slot of fully booked
- plenty to see
- knowledgeable pre-recorded tour in multiple languages (didn't test the multi-lingual service though)
- friendly staff on-board
- quite a bump when entering the...

61		The tour was very nice. Departure was on time. Tour guide was giving pertinent information in a fun way. It combined a land tour with a bay tour in a old American vehicle.
You can buy combo tickets for topless tour bus, Duck tours, Singapore flyer and museum with big savings.
62		The staff were great, but overworked, we stood in line for 25 minutes despite the fact that we had organized our booking over the phone - then we all milled about outside waiting for the team to 'organize' us.. They put us into groups, and everyone raced to push ahead of each other and to be first in line as...

63		Dont miss this one
(The vehicle used in this tour was from the war which was used to trasport soldiers and food).
Get a splash of water,have a view of the (marina bay sands,merlion etc) from the water.
64		The tour is awesome but I'd like to highlight the duck tour attendant at the counter at suntec tower 5 where we bought the ticket, her name is TONI. She was rude and not accomodating at all. I won't recommend tourists to buy ticket from this booth!
65		A on-land and in-water tour in a special -- eye catching duck "boat". it took us around most of the places of interest around the City with a lovely tour giude -- so full of wicked humour. Thanks, I enjoyed it ;-)
66		it was really fun, totally enjoyed it.
the guide was very friendly while I couldn’t say anything about those two drivers since they both remained silent for the whole tour. The duck hovercraft was well maintenance, and clean.
67		Was hosting overseas visitors and had driven them around the island. Decided to do the Duck Tours as it combines both land and water tours thereby showing a different approach to the sights. Combo tickets of Duck Tours and Singapore Flyer ensure significant savings.
Had to watch a safety video before the ride but could not complain as it was...

68		Singapore tourism has combined all their tours into one-stop shopping for all the touristy stuff Singapore has to offer. We opted for the most expensive package ($69 per adult for 12 tours &amp; attractions), as it was basically the cost of the DUCKtours and Singapore Flyer combined.
It was useful to also use the unlimited 3 routes of Hop on...

69		I took many of the different tours that Duck Tours offer. I orginally took the two day pass to get a good overview of Singapore. The cost was only 69.00, this includes two days of hop &amp; hop off transportations, then also includes a ride on th flyer , river cruise and of course the Duck Tour it self. The...

70		The 'Duck Tour' consists of a ride in an unique vehicle that can travel on land and swim on water. The 'Duck Tour' took us from the Suntec area to the waters of Singapore River and back. The view of the SIngapore's sky, very nice buidlings and up close to see the Singapore Merlion! It was really fun! Totally enjoyed...

71		The duck tour in Singapore is lacking in so many ways. For 45minutes you only see the Marina area, viewing things like the Marina Bay Sands Hotel or the Merlion statue. All accessible on your own. You learn minimal history or see any other parts of the city. I would look for alternative tours if you want something more substantial...

72		I didn't actually take a Duck Tour .... but people might be interested in my comments anyway.
I LOVE to Explore everywhere I go, and it was while I was taking photographs along one of Singapore's Reservoirs that I first saw a Duck Load of Tourists drive down a ramp and into the water.
As I continued to explore and...

73		.Perhaps the tour was unusually slow due to preparations for the grand Prix but we found the tour slow and turgid. During a lull on the water the guide sold duck whistles to all the kids- fun for them for afterwards but it meant the rest of the commentary was lost. That said it was better than the open top...

74		I first sat in the Wacky Duck about two or three years ago, curiosity made me try it. Then a few months ago I went on the Duck with some friends and their kids. The kids loved it.
The Duck tour uses ex Vietnam war amphibious assault vehicles repainted and done up as an open sided amphibious fun vehicle. The...

75		I was just clearing the SD card in the video camera for an event tomorrow and came across the videos from our Hippo Duck Tour in Singapore from March this year and had a big smile and realised I hadn't posted a review.
We had a great time especially given that we don't normally sign up to tour things and...

76		This is a great tour. The guides are fun and the views are great. I learned a lot about Singapore. Was lovely to be on the river. Make sure you do this. We got a great dal with a Singapore pass from these people. Cheap entry to the flyer, orchid garden, hopon hopoff bus and bum boat. Fantastic price
77		On 22nd of Sept, me and my friend decided to join the duck tour,
Before we purchased the tickets, one of the staff, Alfie helped us with all the inquiries on the tour. What surprised us was that Alfie was also our tour guide for the tour.
The tour was fun although the weather on that day was a little...

78		There are 2 docking point in this tour. One in Suntec City and the other is in Singapore Flyer. We took the one in Singapore Flyer. The tour was a pre recorded voice over with a staff point to the attractions, the only highlight for us was when the vehicle goes to the water.
79		The tour guide was good fun, very informative and helpful. The duck is very noisy at the back try to sit in the front take plenty of water as it can get very hot on the duck
80		Customer service could be better. As mentioned by another reviewer, booking service is definitely below average.
Staff at counter was not really responsive, they were not really interested to answer our questions.
Holding area for the boats had a sewage smell.
We were travelling with young children but were asked to sit separately.
My daughter was not allowed to eat,...

81		We took the Hippo tours, both red and yellow, just a few days ago. It had rained and the seats upstairs were wet. After a few stops, during which we couldn't make out the overhead narration because of the traffic and the loud background music, my daughter went down to ask the driver for head phones- they hadn't been offered....

82		We liked this. We took our two children with us who weren't bored at all. Very informative and very friendly host.
83		Duck Tours is an interesting way to see the sights downtown. The tours use restored WWII amphibious landing craft to highlight the key sights downtown and combine a bus tour with a harbor boat tour. The ride was fun and my 12 year old son loved the vehicle which is definitely the attraction to this ride. I downgrade the ride...

84		Though joining the duck tour offers a unique vantage point of the Singapore Bay, it's overrated. The tour offers minimal information about the sights and even with the earphones (which the Duck N Hippo staff neglected to give out to ALL passengers, by the way -- I ended up plugging my own earphones on to the audio jack), the engine...

85		It's a one of a kind attraction....great ground view all the way to the Merlion....a must try for all ages!
86		I was particularly impressed by the service given to us by the Flyer Team from Duck N Hippo. Freddie, Service Specialist and Ronnie, the Manager were very empathetic to us. Unfortunately we had purchased tickets to the Flyer, went through security only to be told that the Flyer had been temporarily shut down due to electrical storms. We waited patiently...

87		The best thing about this tour is we boarded on time and the DUCK departed on time. We spent half an hour on land before “splashing” into the water. The driver was pretty skilled, so no one got drenched, only some drops of water hit us. It was enjoyable and the tour host did her best to keep the group...

88		Excellent customer service. Really enjoyed the river tour and the night safari tour. Helpful night safari driver made the evening even more pleasurable. Would recommend and will use again.
89		I was enthusiastic about taking this, but it turned out to be cooler in concept than reality. Travelers tip: Don't arrive late to board, as you'll be sitting at the back next to that roaring seventies-era military diesel, and along with the tour guide's accent you won't be able to understand much.
90		We do not recommend this tour.
Trolley arrived 15-20 minutes late.
We took off like a rocket and were raced around the tour, which took 55 mins not the advertised 75.
Complaining got us no where.
91		We have been to Singapore many times and have previously enjoyed the Duck tour but this year was very disappointing. The passengers were treated like sheep before the tour started and told to move from one line to another by very rude and abrupt staff. The tour itself was nothing special and the driver was reading a newspaper whilst on...

92		Got this duck tour from a discounted package from Singapore Flyer. Got curious about this duck tour, ive seen different duck tours before but havent really tried it myself before this. The land tour started from the Flyer and then to the bay. There was a tour guide with us but most tour information was provided through a recording. I...

93		The duck with 20-25 tourist takes you on very short - bumpy land ride &amp; gets in to water &amp; moves like a boat.
Good views at the river. The cost is 30SGD.
You can have the same views if you board the river taxi which is at a very nominal price!!-- much much cheaper than Duck.
94		My son loved the ducktour so much in the past that we signed up for an annual pass. Previously the guide would provide an interactive live commentary, chat and basically made the entire journey fun. Now, it's all recorded and played back by a machine attached to the back of the seat before you. It's now a complete drag and...

95		Have used the Duck Tour quite a few times over the years, however, will not again. The service is deteriorating rapidly. The staff are totally lacking in customer service skills. Customers are ignored, made to wait whilst the staff chat and take mobile phone calls, and goodness me you would not want to interrupt the staff with a question. The...

96		We first went on this tour in 2005 and it was brilliant, the guide spoke to you, we had a competition and all in all a good time.Now you get on, plug ear phones in WHICH DONT WORK and chug around in silence, the guide pipes up just the once to flog you a duck whistle.Save your money and go...

97		I got the 24 hr city sightseeing tour and rode on the Heritage and City Routes.
Useful for getting to the sights that you just want to see from the outside, but don't want to waste too much time commuting/walking around to get to.
The buses would drive a little too fast though for "sightseeing" pace though. While I expected...

98		Included in the hop on hop off tour. Actually better than the bus! The views from the boat are great! Really enjoyed it!
99		Though I'm a Singaporean, I decided to bring my family on this ducktour ride as I have always wanted to ride on such an amphibious vehicle.
The tour is available hourly, for a duration of about an hour. We had our tour at 11am but we have to arrive about 30 minutes early to register. At 10.50am, we assembled and...

100		A minimally informative trip around the key areas in town. Script is not updated to keep up with the currents events happening at the locations; just general information which could be easily found in tour guides or online. In between locations, there is some fast facts played about Singapore, such as the demographics, housing options, population &amp; etc; which I...

101		commentary poor ( no kids version on most buses and no headphones), bus stops not marked (you have to rely on map which for some routes appeared to be out of date). We are a family of four and would have been better to buy a guide book or use trip advisors free download and then use the excellent and...

102		It is okay, but I like duck tour in Boston better. We went there during the day so it was pretty hot. But it's always hot in Singapore:). It is like a water taxi that you can hop in and out.
103		We have booked a flyer with city sightseeing &amp; hippo river cruise combo at S$53 per adult and S$37 per child.
The heritage sightseeing topless bus tour offered us a different way of seeing Singapore (the views are different when you are seated in a car), but it moved too fast for us to take any decent photos. In fact,...

104		We were collected from our hotel by mini bus to the terminal where we bought a 24 hour ticket on the hop on and off bus service. It also included boat tour from Clark quay. There are 3 bus routes which you can use. It was great to allow us to plan and see all we wanted and great value...

105		I was very sceptical as to whether this service would be worth the S$30 per day, but it was. There are a number of different buses that go in different loops around the city and even in the water. It is a great alternative to public transport as there is commentary about the areas you are driving through. You can...

106		This was a fabulous way to see singapore. We first when on the duck tour with Alfie as our Guide And i have to say he made it, He was great fun full of information and got us all to participate. Then we went to Sentosa which we thought was probably more for young people. Then we finished of the...

107		We took the Hippo River Cruise from Clarke Quay along the Singapore River to Marina Sands and back and thought it good value for money.
You see Singapore from an entirely different perspective and get an interesting commentary along the way.
Would certainly recommend this trip.
108		We took the duck tour from Suntec towers. Its a bus and a boat in one box. Experience this if you have time. This gives a view of Singapore from the river..
109		We purchased the singapore visitors pass which was fantastic . That gave u 14 attractions over 2 days it basically covered everything u want to see in singapore ! Getting the hang of how the buses run was very confuing at first but soon got use to it and then it was fantastic no cabs for 2 days !! Also...

110		We found this outing advertised in a number of freebee tourist maps and thought we'd give it a go. Having reached the Singapore Flyer, the Duck Tour office was in the complex and we booked our trip. The guide was knowledgable and seemed interested in what he was doing. After launching into the sea, the Duck powered into the Marina...

111		I lived and workedin Boston for a couple of years and despite being familiar with all the sights, I went in the Boston Duck Tours three times! This was only because it was such a fun experience and the crew was so lively.
Since Singapore is my home country and being here all my life, I thought I'd bring my...

112		Excellent commentary, fun and very informative. Well worth the $33 it cost to do the tour. Highly recommended.
113		A combination of the Singapore Flier and the Duck &amp; Hippo tour was a most exciting experience. The package gave you value for money.....the staff were informative, friendly and very helpful. We had a great time.
114		A must do in Singapore showing you the beautiful skyline if the Singapore river which I think is much more beautiful in the twinkling night lights. I happened. To go at around 8pm and hit the marina bay show whilst we were in the middle if the harbour which was amazing!
115		My wife, mother and myself enjoyed one of the Duck Tour trips around the Singapore Flyer and harbour. A fascinating though occasionally bumpy tour which gave a whole new angle to the sites we'd just seen from the Flyer.
All the staff were very pleasant and helpful in a relaxed manner which made us too feel relaxed, especially considering my...

116		Before I took this tour with my family, I emailed them and asked if they have special package for Duck Tour w/flyer and in black and white they offered me the package price of S$33 for adult. However, when I showed up in the counter with their printed quotation and confirmation number, the staff there said that the price quoted...

117		i had a fun time. its different from all the other tours. you get a city tour and a river tour all within 1 hour. it can get a little hot during the day. my kids loved it.
118		As in every major city, the sightseeing tour was interesting because it gives you a nice overview of the town and you don't have to walk all the way, but can sit back an see everything anyway. I strongly recommend to get off the bus at some stops and to go for a walk, like that you experince the city...

119		My family and I visited singapore during august 2012 and we decided to take the Red Lanten Tour operated by duck &amp; hippo tours. This tour was absolutely amazing. It showed us two sides of singapore, the poorer side and the richer side. The tour guide was absolutely brilliant. At each stop during the tour and even during the course...

120		Had a fantastic time upon the duck. Our tour guide was fantastic and made everyone on the craft feel welcome. Was my second time and would go again.
121		We chose the Trolley bus as it was recommended by locals due to the "live" commentary compared to recorded. Our host's commentary gave us an overview of life, culture, history etc as we drove around for 75 minutes. The sights were well chosen. The bus dropped us off at Clark Quay, a lovely place for a meal, and a pier...

122		Hop on--hop off open top buses make this a great way to see Singapore. It's modest cost-wise, and absolutely terrific. We had limited time in Singapore, as we were on our way to Borneo and only had a day there, so we did the Flyer with City Sightseeing and River Cruise. The Flyer, the bus tours and the river cruise...

123		The tour give a good overview of the city from the river and provides some welcome relief from the heat. There was a recorded commentary of the sights as you passed them.
We took the 24 hour pass only to discover that the boat did not stop at all the stops that day apparently you have to let them know...

124		It was a different experience as the same vehicle( remnants of the world war, which in itself is very impressive) takes one on the roads as well as through the boat quay area of Singapore. The guide is good though it is o nly informative about a smallpart of Singapore.
125		We did the hop on hop tour twice during our stay at Singapore, we found it a good way to get a feel for the place. I recommend you do a complete circuit and work out where you want to get off and visit, the drivers were very friendly and the best way was to tell them what stops you...

126		Was by myself in singapore so signed up with the bus tours for four days.
Loved the tram. The guide was very well informed. Also enjoyed the Little India tour and the China Town Tour.
Bus drivers were very helpful.
127		The biggest city tour of Singapore. They are good at what they do. We took the duck tour and were taken around CBD. Lasted for half an hour. The guide was knowledgeable and kept us entertained. Gave us good opportunities to click some lovely pictures.
128		We took the hop on hop off city tour. I liked the idea of having 24 hours to hop on and off a double decker bus but they need a better system of letting people get off! At most stops they didn't stop and by the time you had to climb down the steps of a double decker bus thats...

129		OK. nothing great, our driver (and co deriver) seemed to think it was OK to eat McD whilst driving/waiting at lights. Informative tour but very scripted, may as well as have been a tape rather than actual person. For one hour trip not really worth the money
130		I had one full day in Singapore so decided to purchase the combo ticket (tour bus and river cruise) to try to see as much of the City as possible. The bus routes cover a huge area so on that basis you do get to see quite a lot of the City.
We got off the bus at one stop...

131		My folks were visiting and I wanted them to get the feel of Singapore while relaxing and chilling out. The way out was the River Taxi.
We booked the tour around 6ish in the evening. The river taxi floats us through the beautiful river well within the CBD area. We cruise along watching the spectacular skyline of Singapore, Boat Quay,...

132		It was really good. We booked the tour for two days, which included all the tours and the boat ride. Our flight was delayed, and because of this, we missed the first day of our 2 day pass, but the staff at the reception had no problem in giving an extra day's pass.
The bus's run throughout the city, and...

133		Duck &amp; Hippo is one really good way of seeing Singapore when you are there for just about 4 or 5 days in all.
We got ourselves the 2 day Singapore Pass that comes for SG$69 per ticket. We got our ticket at the Duck N Hippo counter at Suntec Galleria. The pass is valid for 48 hours so if...

134		We bought the multi tour ticket believing that this would be a good way to see different things, however all the tours cover similar areas &amp; repeat the commentary so you end up seeing &amp; hearing the same things. With hindsight we would have been better going on the original tour &amp; then using the MRT to get about
135		Very good value and way to see the city. Got the 24 hour duck and hippo pass. Did the Hippo ( bus tour) in the afternoon and then the next mornng did the Duck( river) tour. Very relaxing and very informative. Must say -there is so much to see and by ONLy doing one -you are missing a bunch of...

136		We've all seen the "Hop on Hop Off" tour busses, and generally, I find them a great way to see a new city. If you go on this one, make sure you hop off! I've never been on a double decker that moved so fast from point to point, they were well past any point of interest before the automated...

137		Your $18.00, 45 minute river cruise will take 30 mins due to the fact they have lopped off a section of the tour. Although the have not reduced the price of it to take account of the reduction!
The 5 stop tour also stops only twice.
Even Timeout Magazine Singapore (April 2012, page 12) rates this as the worst cruise...

138		Not very inspirign and the tour guide was just going through the motions. Do not bother.
139		This is the best river cruise. We also did the Singapore River Cruise and can say that this cruise is superior. There was $1 difference in price - the Singapore River Cruise took 20 minutes (was supposed to be 30 minutes) and the Hippo River Cruise took 45 minutes. They travelled the same river, but the Hippo Cruise took us...

140		I went for the river cruise on 28th April 2012 using Duck &amp; Hippo with my wife and a good friend of ours.
Before I go further, let me just state that I had purchased this tour as part of a package deal through Groupon.
The details of the deal are as followed:
$38 for the following:
Singapore Flyer Ride...

141		Yeah filling in the afternoon while waiting for our Singapore Flyer before 7pm. Joined the duck tour from there. My little girl was so excited she wanted to sit at the front just behind the captain. The best part --she was slightly splashed when we first went into the water!
We had a very chatty local guide who provided informative...

142		Bought 48 hour Singapore a Pass for S$79 each and thoroughly enjoyed the duck, flyer wheel, River cruise and two open top tours. Still have best part of tomorrow to visit some museums etc before expiry. A great way to see the city.
143		We bought a two day pass from Duck tours at Suntec City Shopping Center.
As we were only in Singapore for 3 days it was the best decision we made.
For $S79 for 13 attractions it was great value, we actually did not do 4 of them, as we ran out of time, the high lights were the Duck tours...

144		It was a fun ride, with a knowledgable guide. The kids (5,3) had fun, when the duck went into the water. We learned some bits and pieces about Singapore and 1 hour went by quickly. I would recommend it for a first overview, but I would not do a second time as it is a bit pricey.
145		Not the most exciting ride for adults but good for the kids when it enters the water. It is a bit of fun and a chance for the family to see the sites from land &amp; water. Actually if you are a first time visitor to Singapore and you want a break from the walking, then yes it is worth...

146		We weren't going to take this bus tour if not for this really helpful gentleman named Joner. He patiently explained to us what is expected and gave us a price break having 2 kids, 5 total. We took the nite scenery. Kelly, our tour guide was helpful and kept us on track, entertained and educated. With food included, we were...

147		Would not honor pricing on City Sightseeing website and said that wasn't their company, even though the logo and name is on their maps and busses. Bus was not on time, passed stops (while we were waiting and watched it go buy), listened to terrible music with very little commentary, and then the commentary was Mandarin and English at the...

148		I was on one a few years ago and I remember the ambassador narrating everything to us and making jokes resulting in a fun ride, both on land and on water.
This time however, everything was recorded and the sound system on the amphibian we had was poor resulting in an uncomfortable ride where no one was interested in listening....

149		it cost S$33 per person for a 60 mins tour. Timing start at 10am to 6pm at interval of 1 hr, u can book online. It is unique for its half land and half river journey, passing thru some of Singapore iconic landmark, Flyers, MBS, Esplanade. You got to see Merlion from a different angle.
But, for any tourist to...

150		We received the duck tour as part of a package we bought from the DuckTours company. The duck tour is an hour long and is guided. It is a very relaxing way to see some of the Singapore landmarks such as the Singapore Flyer, Marina Bay Sands, Gardens at the Bay, Merlion from a different angle. Since the river is...

151		The Duck tour was fantastic! I highly recommend this tour especially if it is your first visit to Singapore. The tour helps you get you bearings in the city. The tour guide was incredibly humorous, informative and enthusiastic. The cost of $33 per adult was excellent value. The tour is safe for children and it is easy to get to...

152		This is a great tour, the service when booking is below average with half interested people and limited and confusing instructions but the tour was great! Tang (I think that was her name) was awesome, she easily made up for the previous bad service. The information from Tang was fantastic I hope the other guides are as good
153		We took the Duck tour because we like harbor tours but being in a vehicle that does both land and water tour was a nice treat. Recommend buying the combo ticket for both the Duck Tour and the Singapore Flyer for real saving. The guide was very informative and made the tour very interesting adding humor to his discriptions of...

154		Make sure you try to sit in the middle of the boat. Stay away from the engines as they get noisy. Kids loved the idea of driving on the roads in a boat and then sliding straight into the water. Super way to cruise around Singapore and something different.
155		This is a fun ride for both children and adults. It gives a bird's eye view of the landmarks along the Singapore river. The narrative was also interesting and informative. Our tour guide, Ghee Soo, was both funny and helpful (e.g. volunteering to take pictures). The price of the tour may be a little expensive but try to combine it...

156		Ducktours was a nice experience since you are on the road as well as on the water.
The amphibian vehicle goes into Marina Bay where visitors can catch nice views from a different angle.
Definitely a great tour for families with kids but also for grown ups.
ADVICE: Buy a combo ticket for Ducktours and Singapore Flyer.
157		The young persons in the front desk are very helpful and cheerful and one hour tour gives a teasing introduction to places worth visiting more thoroughly, tour guide gave a very lively and provided good information on each popular attraction (it was a pity that vehicle noise was a bother). All in all it was a unique 1 hour tour...

158		Why spend your holiday money on a bus tour AND a boat tour when you can do this!
You get the street tour then it plunges into the river and takes you into the bay. Great fun for the family.
159		Singapore has toursit attaractions like zoo, bird parks, unversal etc...where u go inside the park and enjoy....DUCK tours are simple and effcient way of City tours and in short span...
It has unique trip which takes an amphibian vehicle which takes u city and river...it is split to as first half in water and taking nr some sopts which can...

160		Arial view of Singapore while enjoying cable ride ; road view while going around the city in a cab and now from water while enjoying Duck tour Duck tour is done 1/3 rd on road surface and 2/3rd on water surface ;the total tour is of 60 minutes . It' is uncommon type of vehicle, so tourists specially kids and...

161		Liked - taste of some highlights of Singapore - opentop double decker bus. $5 vouchers issued to taste Singaporean food at Flyer food trail, loved the Bum boat ride down river with commentary. Stopped a while at Gardens by Bay at night. Drove around Bugis but doesn't stop long enough (you have to return later if you want to visit...

162		Everything you see on the Duck you can see from the shore with a very similar view and retain $100 in your pocket (family). The ticket service was useless. It took 10 minutes to buy tickets as only 1 register was operating. It was a public holiday and busy so all registered should have been open. I really resent lining...

163		I got their Night Safari, Universal Studio, and Duck City Tour packages. I was with my parents who are 65+ years old, and we were very pleased. If you have little kids and your parents with you I recommend this tour. When I'm with friends though, I don't mind saving a bit of money and planning our trip and walking...

164		This was a little disappointing. The tour guide talks with the crowd &amp; interacts with small children more than actually giving a tour of Singapore - It's definitely aimed solely at children only. All in all I found to be almost boring by the end of it (50mins). You see a few great sights though, like Marina Bay Sands, the...

165		This apparently is one of the most visited attraction of singapore but we dint understand whats the big deal about a truck which goes into the water and acts like a boat as there's not much to write about this one. The guide on the tour is not even audible with poor english as if the tour is for the...

166		I tried this because my mom want to. We went there around 4.40 pm. and got a ticket of the last round at 6 pm. So to avoid disappointment, you should go there around 2 hours in advance to make sure you get the ticket of the time you want. The staff at the sale counter was not so helpful....

167		Go on ya big kid!
OK this is the same sort of DUKW tour you find all around the world. This particular one takes you on the barest of bare minimum jaunts around to see some sights - basically just the Padang - and then takes to the water of the Marina Bay reservoir where it takes its passengers to...

168		Best way to see Singapore, more time was spent in the water than on land and it gets you to viewpoints which are otherwise impossible to get to. The Ducks leave from SunTec City, the hour long trip costs $33. The commentary was fun. For ten minutes you drive around the Padang and see some of the attractions there, then...

169		The ride was very informative and interesting. Our guide made it a point to involve all the visitors on the ride. He inquired about where all the different people came from. He told us interesting facts about all the things around by making it a quiz so that was interesting for kids. When the vehicle hits the water all the...

170		If we were not with a 7-year old kid, we would not have tried this duck ride as we think it's more meaningful to visit the city by foot or simply public bus. The tour fee is not low.
One thing I wish to specially mention is that I bought our Ducktours tickets in Suntec City. At the same counter,...

171		We purchased a Multi pass which allowed us 2 day's access to the hop-on hop-off bus and boat, as well as a ride on the Singapore Flyer and a trip on the Singapore Trolley.
The highlight for us was the Singapore Trolley tour which was brilliant. It's a 75 minute tour with live commentary around the highlights of the city....

172		I recommend this tour to friends who have a layover and just want a quick tour of Singapore. like all the duck tours, it's fun when the amphibious ride goes in the water and you circle the water and see the Merlion and the Esplanade. Fun for children and adults. go for it!
173		We booked our tickets at a small place next to the Tourist Office on Orchard road.
The trip was excellent, in an ex-Vietnam war DUKW.
The guide was informative, &amp; we all had a good laugh. Driving on the roadwas superb, as we were high up above the normal traffic, but when we went down the banking....Wow!!!
The trip was...

174		After a trip on the flyer joined the Duck &amp; Hippo tour which is just adjacent to the "Flyer"
More rest different views,enjoyable.
175		That's what our tour guide kept saying! But,seriously he was great..very entertaining. We had a fab trip &amp; saw alot. I recommend it.
176		This is a nice way to see the attractions along the river and you can get on and get off where you like.
177		I just loved the River cruise. Was a great way to see all the sites in a very relaxing environment. The tour guide information was great. Soooooooo many photo opportunities so make sure the camera is charged. You can get on or off along the way at other stops and then hop back on when you are ready as they...

178		With only one day in Singapore we chose the day pass at $33 which gave us 3 different bus routes and a river cruise and allowed us to see the most possible in our short time. I thought it offered good value for money however unlike some other HOHO tours we have done there is very little commentary so you...

179		If you are going to Singapore it is well worth getting the 2 day pass which lets you into many of the attractions plus all the river trips, the river taxis and all the open top busses day and night for 2 days - it was amazing value. It takes some time to work out all the routes and we...

180		Departure starts from Suntec City Mall that is close to Bugis street. One day tickets costs 27 SGD and the bus has two routes. One covers historical part of the city and the second one - modern part. If you do not hop off each route will take 1 hour only. If you have limitied time in Singapore but want...

181		We quite like doing duck tours where possible - always find they give a brief overview and it is always great to do given the water aspect - this duck tour did not disappoint - great view of the city and Singapore Lion!
182		We have used hop on, hop off buses in other cities and find them a very useful way to cover lots of places quickly. It helps you to orientate yourself in a new place. We used it for one day, and did not have time to use the amphibious bus, but it looked fun. The routes covered all the places...

183		A good trip with a good tour-guide. We love it a lot. Highly recommended.
184		Great way to spend a few hours traveling around the city of the red double decker bus so one can make decisions where they want to spend more time. We got the two day pass which includes 4 different routes, water taxi and the river boat.
185		The Duck tour was an amazing experience and covered almost all the attraction with just one trip – on land as well as the sea. Its the best way to do the city tour. We boarded the tour from Suntec City and the ‘Duck’ toured along the attractions with a jovial guide dishing out interesting facts about the various sites....

186		This is definitely worth a ride going around the harbor in the duck lets you see everything
Then going ashore a round the city is a quick and easy way to take in the sights of Singapore
187		We found this company next door to the tourist information in Orchard Road. Here we booked our tour for Monday 2nd at 11 am, which included bus from Orchard Road to Suntec City Mall. We also got a brochure about their tour.
In Suntec we "checked in" and were invited to info meeting at 10.50. This was good, and we...

188		I was in SG for few weeks on work and did nothing as a tourist. Then I did the duck tour and am happy to be a tourist again. The tour ride was amazing and the views are great and enjoyable. Our guide was creative and hilarious. Fun trip with Family or friends or work colleagues. Must see. So go...

189		Duck tour is a tour around the city and on the river in a amphibious vehicle.
You will be able to see fountain of wealth, few old historical buildings, marina bay , flayer, Merlion, floating football filed, longest bridge in Singapore and few more places while on this ride. It was a interesting ride mostly because of the vehicle. Ride...

190		Last year, I was on a business trip with my colleague previously to visit exhibition at Suntec City, saw the promotion flyer of this Duck Tour but unable to join due to time constraint, budget as well. The cost was SGD 33 (~RM 80) for around 1 hr tour.
March this year I was on business trip again to Singapore...

191		Traveled this to get a bit of a feel for the city, before kicking into more serious exploration. The diversity of the routes is great, enabling you to get a good feel for the parts of the city you want to visit later. Also, given the temperature and humidity, these provide a cooler way to get from A to B....

192		It was fun to try out the amphibious vehicles they use, which were used in the Vietnam War, but the guide was a little over the top with corny jokes and the duck whistle. I imagine kids would really enjoy it, but as a couple, I think there were better ways to take in the view.
193		Great way to see Singapore, do the duck tour and the hippo bus. Well worth the money.
194		The hippo tours are great to see the main sights of Singapore, unfortunately the aren't that many awesome sights to see in Singapore.
Do the tour to get the grand picture and then roam to town to meet the people which will tell you more about the history and events than any tour ever could.
195		cheap and easy way not only to see and learn about the city, but to get around. We were there for 5 days and wish now that we had've known about the great packages they offer when we got there. On our last day we went on the tour and chose to stop off at the skypark and the botanic...

196		Price was right - coaches have a topless roof deck for sightseeing and an air conditioned lower level. Great to use as transportation around town if you time it right. Did not do the duck tour - but the hippo buses include a river boat tour if you buy the right package.
197		Take the Hippo boat tour! Its a fantastic way to see the city from a different view point and to get about. You'll get some cracking photos too :)
198		Duck and Hippo Tours have many different things going on and I've seen some reviews talk about the hop on/hop off type buses and other ones about the duck, I'll share our experience with them.
We got on one of the hop on hippo buses near the Raffles hotel (Stop #4 on the city tour bus) and purchased the two...

199		We took the Duck in the hope of seeing a combination of the city and Marina Bay. In the end it was very limited and would have been significantly more enjoyable if the tour guide had not said a word! The PA system was grossly overloud and the commentary banal. We ended the trip with splitting headaches. Anyone considering this...

200		We went on the Duck Tour after our Singapore Flyer experience. Our commentator was very funny and we learnt a lot of interesting facts. Loved the amphibious vehicle. Just wished we had bought the kids their duck whistles before we went so that they could have quacked along :)
201		A single ticket gives you non-stop access to three routes plus a boat cruise plus a selection of walking tours for a full two days, all with the convenience of hopping on or off according to your own preferences. We love these tours. There is enough (taped)commentary to identify the highlights of the city and if the monologue starts to...

202		Tour was good, multiple routes good, but the narration was frequently unaudible on the upper deck. Between the background music, traffic and construction noise, I could not hear all the details. Also the syncronization between the recorded narration and the location of the bus were not always together.
A complaint to the "manager" at the central hub went nowhere.
203		I am usually not the person to take organized tours or use tourist buses. The duck and hippo tour, however, was a great way to see the city. The hippo tour is a doubledecker bus with topless upper deck. I booked the ticket to the duck tour at Clarke Quay and was allowed to use the Hippo as free transfer...

204		We went in for the 48 hours pass and got to see all of Singapore with duck and hippo. it was easy to hop on and hop off the buses.They also had great frequency of buses.
205		We availed their Singapore Pass which is good for 2 days and already includes the Hop on hop off bus, Duck tour, Singapore Flyer and Sentosa Entrance fee and the back and forth ride to the city. At SGD69 I think it is a very good deal. Who needs to prepare an itinerary when you already have 14 tours and...

206		We were attracted to the Duck Tour in Singapoe because of the novelty of the vehicle that is used for the tour. The tour starts on land and then the vehicle splashes into the Singapore river for a short cruise. Unfotunately, the vehicle is very, very noisy, so it was a bit of a struggle to listen to the commentary,...

207		It's fun being on the vehicle, travelling between land and see, and for the kids blowing away on the annoying duck whistles. I did one of these tours in 2005 and I remember it being a bit more interesting as we learned about the feng shui behind some of the buildings. This tour was more factual running us through the...

208		We booked this tour on-line and took our tickets at Suntet City. When we arrived, we found the human tide before their frondesk was very chaotic, and the staff's direction and the target explanation were not clear. We must waited for a long time to took our tickets. They have no specific on-line tickets frondesk!! Eventhough, the tour is an...

209		Good value for the hop on and off buses. Duck tour interesting. Both good way to get your bearings in a new city.
210		It's not worth it since there's no guidance at all, "duck ride" is more precisely
If I have another chance, I'll try hippo bus, at least I heard the hippo bus crossing by with city guidance
211		Had an enjoyable time, trip lasts one hour. Guide was informative and gave information about life in Singapore. Nice way to see some of the well known sights along the river like Gardens by the Bay and the famous merlion statue.
212		This tour came complimentary with the Singapore city pass. It's only a hour in duration and you spend 30 min on land and 30 min in the water. The guides very informative and gives you lots of photo opportunities.
Was nice to see Singapore from the water. Gives you a different perspective.
213		The Duck tours is a good way to experience Singapore partly on water and land. Though the ride is for just an hour we enjoyed the trip and the tour guides explained things well.
214		The tour comes as a package to FLYER ride. The staff was good and cooperative. Although the trip is not long and feel short of the expectations.
215		We have been on Duck Tours in the US and seen them in other countries. We both found this one very interesting, and the tour guide was very informative, and told you when to get the best photos. It was well worth the 33 Dollars each for an adult.
216		No better way to tour the city-state than catching a ride on this quack. Embark on a land and sea adventure on these charming remodeled WWII amphibious Vietnamese war craft. We boarded Duck Orlean and saw Singapore's famous skyline, historical landmarks and gorgeous Marina Bay. Engine is a little bit noisy and we saw one Duck stopped (mechanical failure?) at...

217		Short fun and interesting... Good way to see Singapore by road and by water.. The kids will love it.. Do give it a try and buy them the duck whistles..
218		We did a Duck tour on "katrina" and whilst my daughter loved it, I thought it was a bit average for the cost. Doesn't really show you much of Singapore except for a quick trip around the block and focusses on the harbour. The kids thought it was great to be on a truck that became a boat so it...

219		How often can you ride an amphibious vehicle? Here is your chance while touring singapore land and water. See sites, watch sunset. Not too long. An hour. Kids can't become restless. An activity the whole family can enjoy. A great way also to rest those feet and legs after a whole day of walking shopping.
220		This trip is good fun and allows you to see many of the sights of Singapore from the land and on the water. The commentary was interesting, the vehicle provided good views, and the tour around the river was enjoyable, even going quite close to the Marina Barrage. This is particularly good value if it is purchased as part of...

221		I am twelve years old with my brother who is eight. We went on the Duck tour today and absolutely hated it. The guide had little personality and we didn't get wet! Kids love to get wet! You could see the exact same thing by walking along the edge of the bay and save a ton of money. The ride...

222		I took the duck tour with my 2 years old son, we love the experience to be on the streets and in the water, the information provided for the tour guide was also excellent and help us to learn more about the "real" part of Singapore, things like the oldest hotel or the most expensive building to live in, very...

223		We flew in from Florida and had great expectations of taking the buses and metro and walking to see several sights while in Singapore for 2 days prior to a cruise. The only trouble was that our brains didn't work right when we woke up the first day. Luckily our hotel was right on Orchard and as we strolled down...

224		Although we have been to Singapore many times, this as the first time for the mother-in-law. We chose the Hippo hop on-hop off bus tour (2 day ticket). This gave us heaps of time to first see and overview of the whole city and a trip on the Singapore River. Then we were able to re-visit attractions along the different...

225		We booked the Singapore Pass which is SGD63 per person for 2 days which includes a ride in the Duck....Hippo river cruise and unlimited hop and on the bus. This pass is really worth it because it was convenient to take the bus and go around Singapore. Only one thing, if the bus service could have been extended until 10pm...

226		My husband &amp; I have just come back after a ride on the hippo boat from Marina Bay to Clark Quay and absolutely enjoyed the ride...Well most of it has to do with the beautiful route and the calm river but the staff whom we interacted were friendly and helpful
We chose this over Marina Sands Park and don't regret...

227		We came of a city tour and happened to see the Duck tour calling for passengers so we gave it a go. After a short circuit of the city area by the cricket club and SunTec shopping mall we went past the pit area for the grand prix and into the water for the tour of the bay. Our host...

228		I got this deal online whee we get a cheaper price with Singapor Flyer and the Duck Tours.
The tour started with with a safety briefing and we were wuickly move to the queueing area. The previous tour ended on time. As we wait, the transport move in and we quickly board the transport after the passengers alight.
The guide...

229		For S$33 I got the city bus tour, the heritage bus tour, a river tour and a charter bus to Sentosa Island for two days (they had a buy one day, get one day free promo). Yes, it's a little hard to find where the bus is going to pick you up. If possible, I would try to start at...

230		We got tickets from their office at Singapore Flyer but nobody told us the last bus to hippo river cruise would be 6:30! If we had known this, we would take the river cruise first and then come back for Singapore Flyer later!
231		We had great fun being tourists for the 1 hour ride!
Actually, I've been wanting to go on this duck tour since ages ago but the price tag sort of puts me off.... At $33 per adult and $17 per child, it is not really that cheap... and being locals, we don't really want to splurge... So I made use...

232		We purchased and used a two day pass for S$33, hop on hop off all around the City - excellent. Enquired about the Hippo river cruise and was generously given extra time to allow access. On arrival at the dock we were told the Hippo was full and that they would book us on the next Hippo leaving in 30...

233		I did not book by phone or internet so I had to queue for a while until we got out tickets and we did not get a seat on the next tour so we had to wait another 1.5h hours. Therefore, prebooking is strongly recommended. The tour finally was not a full 60 minutes as promised but only 50 minutes...

234		On the first day of our Singapore trip on 14th June 2011, we reached at Singapore Flyer around 1645. The next trip of Duck Tour was scheduled at 1730. So we bought tickets and spent waiting time by taking pictures at different locations around the flyer area. We were advised to be in the office area at 1715. A boy...

235		The lines to buy Duck &amp; Hippo tour tickets and the hop on and off bus were one of the most frustrating processes we encountered in Singapore. Each transaction took over 10 minutes and a group of 5 or 6 seemed to take more than 30 minutes. There was a special line for those who had reserved on the internet...

236		It was not hard getting the tickets from Suntec CityMall. I took the one day trip package,it covers many sightseeing areas on the move--like--Sentosa,Heritage,Cityetc.If you want to get down in that particular spot,u can do so,then they give u the next time the bus comes thru that area,so u have to be ready by that.Like I got down at Singapore...

237		My family found a super great deal on atcrazy.com for a heritage land tour + hippo cruise at only S$9 per person, so we bought the vouchers and used them on 17 May 2011 to have a taste to be a tourist for that few hours.
The land tour was done under SH Tours which we do not recommend, nothing...

238		Purchased the two day hop on/hop off bus pass which included Clark Quay boat cruise.
The bus tour helped us to get our bearings of Singapore. Three different tour buses (city, heritage and sentosa island). Each bus follows different route stopping at popular attractions - hop on and off as you like.
First bus leaves around 9am and last bus...

239		I booked for 3 from Ducktour online Internet page,
immediate Credit Card payment, receive confirmation letters and bar code,
Surprisingly, a few days later
the DuckTour Staff phone to ours Singapore Hotel and
said the day is’’ FullyBook’’ we need to change the date or refund …..
We are visitors, we felt disappointed and angry!
Duck is a tour of...

240		This was a 1/2 hr river cruise from Clarke Quay, it cost us $15 Singapore Dollars and I thought that that was very resonable. The cruise gave us a perspective on the locations of things which was previously difficult as we had been catching the underground MRT to our destinations! The cruise was a little bit short but we really...

241		I've done Duck Tours in Boston and Washington. This one was OK. I bought a combo packgae that included the Singapore Flyer for SGD49.-.
My tour was very crowded; I was the last one picked-up at the Singapore Flyer and got the last available seat.
242		We were a family of 4 and later on realized that we could have covered the city attractions by a point to point taxi in a much easier and cheaper way.
however Dck tours are quite efficiently managed and serve a good sense for individual travellers or first timers.
Its better to but the combination tickets particularly the Singapore flyer...

243		The Duck tour was great. You start on land and then go into the water and then back on land all in the one vehicle. It is a guided tour around some of Singapore's most popular sights. Our guide, Chris, was very informative and pleasant. Definately worth the money and would do it again on our next Singapore trip.
244		We recently went on a Duck Tour organised night safari in Singapore. It was disappointing as it was poorly organised. We did not know which Coach we were supposed to take as many different coaches pulled into the Suntec parking lot at the same time and there was no one to point the right one out. You have groups of...

245		I have been on the Duck Tours in Boston and London and this is my second favorite ride. It's a unique experience to ride in a piece of WW II history and that alone is worth the price of admission. The ride takes about one hour. It starts at Suntec City across the park into the river and the water...

