
Great collection of gaudy statuary. Some parts even educate you on Chinese mythology. After all the sanitised white-bread attractions elsewhere in Singapore, this was easily the most interesting thing I found. And it's free. They should really clean it up a bit.

It's showing it's age a bit, but if you know anything about Chinese mythology (e.g. Journey to the West, Sun Wukong ... the 1970's Japanese TV series Monkey!) then it's a pleasant place to walk around - good fun re-enacting the statue poses too.
It's easy to get to (right next to the MRT stop) and free (apart from the...



We came here with our youngish kids (7/4/4) and they enjoyed recreating the statue poses! it is quite a big area, and it was really hot with little or no shade or breeze so be warned! overall it is a bit run down, but we went quite late in the day and almost had the place to ourselves.
Enjoyable.

If you're really into Chinese legend and folk tales, then you should come. However, don't allocate the entire day for this. The location is pretty much out of the way and there is nothing interesting around the park. Take the Circle Line from Harborfront if you're coming from the city. Think twice about taking your children. Some displays may scare...


We went to Haw Par Villa on 18 July 2013. AKA the Tiger Balm Gardens, this place tells the story of the founders of the famous cure-all Tiger Balm and also is part religious history, Chinese folk lore and mythology. The whole park is free to the public to walk around and see everything. Bathroom facilities are in several places...


A little run down however a great place to visit, about $12 taxi trip from the city. Bring a camera and comfy shoes. Make sure to look for the turtles in the pond

I lived in Singapore in the late 60s. I loved this place then and have visited many times. It is incredible the workmanship that has gone into creating this attraction. It depicts ancient Chinese folk and mythology tales. I love just wondering round gazing at all the beautiful statues. It is easier to get to now the MRT runs nearly...


Visited here as a child in the 70's and was curious to return with my family. It's hard to describe this place -quirky definately. Statues and tableau tell stories from the Asian culture. The paths of hell not great for young children but my teenager found it entertaining. A free way to spend an hour. I would take your own...


Wasn't sure what to expect but I'm into out of the ordinary experiences so this was right up my ally! It's basically an old park full of colourful statues and scenery depicting myths it's a little run down but I think it adds to the charm, especially in Singapore! Some statues depict gory scenes so if you have kids it's...


Easily reached by taking the Circle Line and alighting at the Haw Par Villa Station. Once you exit, it will be on your right and you absolutely cannot miss this unique place.
It showcases a lot of "interesting" statues all over the place. Some are easily recognizable while others may seem characters jumping out of the Chinese zodiac calendar. Despite...


First time I visited Haw Par Villa was 20 years ago, it used to be one of Singapore's premier attractions. Now its Sad but kinda interesting to see its just been left to fall into disrepair.
Its filled with great concrete statues depicting Chinese mythology and a lot of them are actually pretty scary looking. The ten courts of hell...


At the haw par villa mrt, everyday up to 7pm you can visit (for free) this peculiar commemoration park characterized by areas: the immortals, vices and virtues, pond of legacy, madam white snake and the formidable ten courts of hell. All are nice to visit, beyond the plastic appearance which always leaves me skeptical in front of these Chinese temples,...


Very easy to get to Haw Par. There is actually a MRT station named after this. It is our second visit to Singapore and we had time to visit this off the beaten path attraction. If you have plenty of time in Singapore and have seen all the other sites that you had wanted to see I would recommend that...


Before coming to Haw Par Vila I read a lot of mixed reviews about it being run down, not worth the trip or a memorable experience. Negative and positive reviews.
The place is relatively clean with very beautiful sculptures of Chinese myths and beliefs.
If you are not into all the Chinese myths and beliefs, treat it as art work....


I had a spare hour and got a taxi to haw par villa. It used to be a huge tourist attraction but not so popular these days, it was practically empty when I went. The park is a bit run down but still has a lot of character. It's full of different sculptures showing the ten levels of hell and...


I am not sure what I was expecting, but I did leave this garden satisfied and amused. There are some truely bizarre statues on display and some quite graphic content. If bringing children I would be a bit careful.
However. The garden is aged and some statues and information signs badly need loving attention. I would absolutely say it is...


I don't underrstand why ain't so many peope come visit this unique place. For me it's really deep of myth, culture, story... and visually attractive.
It's located next to pasir panjang MRT.
There were so many statues here. There's also the story line of "what happened after we die". There also weird statues that I just can't easily understand... for...


On a recent visit to Singapore with friends I thought it would be a good idea to go here as it depicts Chinese mythology and legends. I was last here over 40 years ago and remember it being interesting. ( even at age 14 )
The MRT station is Haw Par and the Villa is only a few steps away....


Full of statuary depicting ancient Chinese myths and legends. It's obviously seen better days but the tabloids will be loved by younger children. With free admission and only a few steps from the Haw Par MRT station, it's worth a visit to see the brilliant colour of the buildings and statues.

Just not my cup of tea, others might like it. Also, it is not well maintained, hardly any people there during the week.

I have traveled extensively in Southeast Asia and beyond but have never seen anything like Haw Par Villa. Parts of it are a morality play from a Chinese perspective. There are some graphic scenes, however, that would not be to everyone's taste. Other parts are garden-like settings rather attractively laid out, while a few of the statues are a bit...


An amazing work of Chinese art in Singapore. Well preserved and maintained its a wonderful place to visit, walk around and read the details associated with the statues. The Ten Courts of Hell is a must visit.

My mum remembered Haw Par Villa from her childhood as an expat living in Singapore. Think I know understand where her special brand of crazy weirdness comes from. Having said that, it was a very interesting view into Chinese mythology. A bit battered but is in great shape seeing as it is free. A lot of locals seemed to be...


The guide books will have you beleive this place is in a state of decay, well they are wrong, yes it has seen better days, but resoration appears to be underway and all I can say is that Haw Par Villa is well, interesting!
The MRT now stops directly outside the Villa so it is easy to find, the figures...


the special part of the way you get treated after death and what the punishments are...huh...killing maan

I rate this very good only because it is such a unique attraction that speaks volumes for the family that built it. It should rank a poor for the lack of maintenance, areas closed off, and general tackiness but I dont have the heart to punish the orignators. I only to question why, with the wealth generated by the Tiger...


Is a little worn however as an easy day out in Singapore and in particular if you have little kids (however the Ten Courts of Hell might freak some of them out a little) is worth the trip. Lots of infromation to read about and displays to view which is not too taxing on the brain and body.
Is very...


Interesting place to visit to see old works of chinese artists & learn about chinese mythology. Good place to take photos & should not be missed especially if you are tourist. Be prepared to not have any food / drinks available there, which is quite difficult if you have young children or elderly.

I visited this many years ago and then again recently. My husband and I nicknamed it 'land of the super-tacky'. It is a little run down, and has random statues around of things like emus and kangaroos. But it also has a lot of information on Chinese mythology and I found it interesting, despite some of the tackiness. I hope...


My husband and I took the MRT and the park is straight outside the MRT station. You can drive and park there but the car park is very small.
It's admission is free and it's open from 10am to 7pm. We went on a public holiday and it was open.

The brothers who sold Tiger Balm had unusually vivid imaginations. Their dreams have taken form here. Like nothing you have ever seen. Anywhere. Ever.
Perhaps 1,000 statues adorn a hillside telling a story no one can understand. Stunning sculptures and ceramics with ultra bright colors make this a premier art museum. The characters almost come to life, and the scenes...


A bit off the beaten track, and less touristy than other areas this gem is well worth a visit. Beautiful gardens adorned with creepy statues tell a story of times gone by. A fabulous photo opportunity for budding photographers!
Would highly recommend.


Haw Par villa is a park with a lot of statue. Every statue has its story, some have an written explanation. I enjoy my visit here for one hour, laugh for some funny pose of statue. No admission fee, and located right beside MRT Haw Par Villa station.

Has Par Villa is bizarre but an attraction we were glad we checked out!
It is a large park style space full of over 1,000 statues.
The 10 Halls of Hell are fascinatingly graphic and probably not ideal if you have small kids with you.
There's also an area seemingly depicting the Chinese folklore Monkey Magic is based on.
If...


Mostly unchanged from when I went in the 70's but managed to scare the children in the ten courts of hell! Interesting for an hour, plenty of shade and free. No real facilities so take a drink or picnic.

Definitely NOT a must visit place for all the tourist, but if you have ample of time to spend and have kids with you then you must pay a visit. NO entrance fee and it opens from 9:30am.
I live in Singapore for 4 years now, never got a chance to visit this place even though we travelled thousand times...


This place is quiet different from the regular tourist attractions - most attractive is the 10 courts of hell which gives the details of the punishments that people would suffer for the sins they did in hell.Depicted in a nice way and might not be suitable for younger kids. A parental guidance board can also seen outside this place. Though...


I had been to Singapore before and done all the usual tourist attractions so this time I decided on something different. This amusement park sort of place without any rides will have you rethinking your thoughts on Singaporean attractions. It is different from anything else I experienced here but I would recommend it to anybody to see at least once....


We weren't sure if we had time to visit this place but glad we went. Very interesting, somewhat alternative but it teaches you how Chinese mothers would tell their kids if they didn't behave, what could happen to them. Some of the displays are quite graphic. The place needs a bit of revamping as it looked a little tired. Having...


If you want to see a very different side of Singapore - far from the sky scrapers of Marina Bay or the shopping malls of Orchard Road, spend a few hours late one afternoon at Haw Par Villa. It's not a villa at all, but an almost 80-year-old 'theme park' set on a hill a few kilometres out of town,...


Its not a bad place and its full of Chinese mythology which I love, but it didn't interest my husband very much. Gives you a good incite to other cultures history and beliefs, however don't think I would return - we were on a bus tour which included the stop so it was soon off to the next stop

This place is rather dated and in a need for an upgrade. This place tells of Chinese Mythology as well as monuments for the Aw Family. The ten gates of hell is one of the interesting highlights. Not much explanations for certain "exhibits" though. It is also very quiet which is very pleasant.
The Haw Par Villa is at Haw...


Its a weekend afternoon, and you hardly see any visitors to this park, which is once packed with visitors. Since he renovation of the 90's a lot of the old structures are destroyed and many are relocated. New structures included the Chinese dragon housing the boat ride for Ten Courts of Hell. Due to high cost of managing the park...


My 2nd time to visit Haw Par Villa -- 20+ years apart (then called Tiger Balm Gardens)-- this time with my son who's taking Creative Writing. The huge dragon figure that used to greet visitors is no loger in sight. Though much statues had been added, the place did not lose its mysticism and lure. Great site to visit --...


I thought this was going to be fascinating based on the descriptions, but it is a pretty run down theme park based on Chinese mythology. While interesting, it is a bit out of the way. Fortunately it is easy to reach by subway, since it has its own stop. It was interesting to walk through fast and see the depictions...


I first visited Haw Par Villa in 1966 when I was 5 years old and it was called Tiger Balm Gardens. We were on a family trip from Malacca, Malaysia where we lived in the British Army base. It's a bizarre, gory, surreal place that appeals to 5 year old boys and 52 year old men - or at least...


We went her since my mum wanted to revisit "Tiger Balm Garden". Found it quite nice & very peaceful. Considering that its quite old, it needs to re-look at probably re-doing the place. I liked the turtle pond quite a lot. Quite far from where we were staying. Might go back on my next trip keeping the park timings in...


Been here twice. I like statues, old places and chinese mythology so for me Haw Par Villa is a very nice place to spend a day in Singapore. It's free, it's not crowded. It is not a very run down place and its so quiet. The weather may be very hot here but there's a lot of bench to rest....


I have been meaning to visit this place for years, having lived in Singapore as a kid just after the war, and worked there several times this century. I have revisited most of my memories of the 50s and managed to get this one in on a one night stay. It didn't seem to be the place I remembered, though...


It is very hard to imagine that this used to be one of the top tourist attraction of Singapore in the early 80s. I can still remember vividly the crowd jostling into position to take photographs with the statues and figurines. But today it is so deserted the figurines can almost whisper to me. One thing hasn't changed though: children...


An eclectic collection of statues depicting the ten stages of hell as well as buddhist mythology. Quite awkward, but strange enough to be entertaining.
Easily reached by metro and free to enter, visiting Haw Par Villa is an afternoon well spent.

it has been allowed to fail, likely to sell the highly valuable land.
once a mythical themed garden of statues, it is now old, tired and free.
dont waste your time or money on a taxi.

I first saw this park 40 years ago and although I have been back to Singapore many times since, I didn't know that this villa was the Tiger Balm Gardens if visited then
It is not advertised in the tourist books but worth a visit. It is gaudy and violent and absolutely fantastic. There is no entrance fee at this...


This is the weirdest park I've ever been to - and I loved it. The statues depicting all sorts of interesting myths and legends really are worth visiting. The 12 courts of hell was particularly fun - in a macabre sort of way. Worth a look - and it's right next to a train station.

Great work and very old time created statues are there, I am wondering why there is no entrance fee, it deserves care and maintenance so there should be entrance fee.
Plus points
1) But from tourists point of view its good thing that there is no fees for this attraction.
2) Attached to the MRT
2) use to open every...


I remember my parents taking me here about 50 years ago and I was keen to see if it was how I remembered. It was! I can see its not to everyone's taste but its worth a visit if you have the time. The history is interesting, about how it was built by the Tiger Balm' brothers - no entrance...


this outdoor place is very famous last time, but it seems lose their popularity with other new attraction in Singapore. the impression of this place when you firstly came in is, this place is not maintain with good threat. it's too bad of that.
because i like about something with accent chinnese, i would say that i love this place....


Title is exactly what this place is! A very unique and eccentric museum which shows the historical and cultural beliefs of Chinese folklore and history. A friend recommended the place after seeing it over 20 years (as a kid) which shows the impact it has!
The place is in need of major maintenance, but this does not take from the...


This is a unique and amazing place that should be on every Singapore visitor's itinerary! It is difficult to describe precisely, but it's along the lines of a statuary garden or theme park. As others have said, don't miss the 10 gates of Hell. For that matter, don't miss any of it--you can see everything in under two hours.
Other...


My second visit, the first being in 1968 as a merchant seaman visiting a very different Singapore quite regularly for 5 or 6 years. It brought back so many memories but I was shocked at the state that the 'Tiger Balm Gardens' had been allowed to descend into.
Here is an iconic pieces of cultural history which has been allowed...


I guess this attraction contradicts the general opinion of Singapore as a dull and staid place which offers little but shopping and eating. Better days have seen this attraction, but it is an interesting place to visit. As others have mentioned the "HELL" exhibition is the most interesting (and gruesome). You can tell this place was the mind of some...


I went with office mates after lunch. This colourful theme park features gruesome depictions of Chinese mythology, folklore, Zodiac animals and Buddhism.
There an exhibit that shows the Ten Courts of Hell, quite gruesome. You'll also see exhibits about the Tiger Balm brothers.
A lot of walking inside the park. The food stall was closed when we went there. There...


If you are looking to add a bit of color to your day head out here. It's a fun contrast from the more traditional sights and makes for a nice break. Worth an hour or so especially if your are at this end of town. On the same MRT line as Botanic Garden and Labrador park so combine all three...


Visiting Haw Par Villa was a trip down memory lane. I last visited this attraction more than 12 years ago. While it's largely the same, the water theme park ride and amphitheater is closed.
The highlight is always the 10 Courts of Hell. There are thousands of statues in the park and a walk around should not take you more...


I thought I had seen everything there was to see in attractions in Singapore and was convinced I had been here many years ago but my friend had not been so off we went.As soon as we arrived I knew I hadn't been here, it was obviously the one in Hong Kong I had been to.
You cannot be disappointed...


This is a wildly colourful garden packed with brightly painted statues and dioramas each with its own story to tell. The garden is set on the side of a hill and the path can be a little steep if you are walking in the hot sun. There are plenty of benches available to sit and rest and take in the...


So the guys that made Tiger Balm made this place. Cool. They wanted to showcase the different layers of Chinese Hell. Also cool. The end result? Like an acid trip on a bad Monday. When we arrived the park - open all the time to the public - was relatively empty, which made it that much creepier. While I did...


Plenty ot figures and scenes illustrating myths and history.A very interesting park but a bit abandoned.

I have been here a few times, i LOVE it! it is so strange and so entertaining. Worth the extra fee is the Courts of Hell! very funny! I don't know anyone who doesn't like visiting Haw Par Villa (aka Tiger Balm Gardens)

Everyone living in or visiting Singapore should see this very special place! I cannot believe I waited three years to do just that! The MRT station is next to these gardens. While the villa and grounds were built in 1937, the gardens, sights, and gods and goddesses are modestly maintained. There is no admission fee. You meander winding uphill paths...


Haw Par Villa is like a public park with the figures and dioramas also there. It was fascinating to see and be bewildered. It rained when I went but there were of plenty of places to take cover. On a nice day it would be fun to bring a picnic, since it's kind of a park. It's a large complex...


First thing I did was enter 10 courts of hell and was startled by the gory scenes depicting the very brutal fates of those who had sinned. Very gory imagery, but very interesting how offenders are dealt with in different ways. If you are brave enough, you can look into the mirror of truth and see what you looked like...


Easy to get, because Haw Par Villa MRT station is about 100 metres from entrance gate. This place is free of charge and maybe the strangest park I have ever been. Quite large place and full of all kinds of colourful strange statues etc. They have also place called Ten Courts of Hell, little dark(ish) tunnel full of really disturbing...


We had not visited the Tiger Balm Gardens for over 20 yrs. It is always VERY hot & we went prepared - although we did notice that there were some trees in the park. Previously there was only concrete.
We were disappointed with how run down the place was. When we were there last time, we had to queue to...


One of the few remaining pieces of Singapore that retains it's original character and hasn't been "modernized." Haw Par Villa is such a weird, interesting theme park. If you're into interesting things that also educates about the cultural superstition, this is one place you cant' miss.

Great place to take the family, lots to look at, caves to explore, can be a little morbid at times but a fascinating venture into mythology. Let the kids learn what will happen to them when they don't listen to their parents :) Pond has lots of turtles & fish, great opportunities to take photos. Parking was S$2, bargain considering...


Arriving at Haw Par Villa we were welcomed by a torrential downpour, we were forced to take shelter in the ten courts of hell! This free attraction directly outside the MRT station is a real gem. Although it appears a little neglected in parts it is visually amazing and the stories that you read about the sculptures are fascinating. We...


Singaproaians think this attraction is a bit run down but I found the displays througruoghly interesting, visiting the 10 stages of hell and then seeing some of the beautifully maintained buildings. We visitied during one of the downpours and still had fun.

An interesting place to visit if you like to see displays illustrating myth and legend. Yes, as many have mentioned, it is a little run-down, but it is in the process of being restored - how they can possibly stay abreast it all, I don't know as the place is absolutely huge with LOTS of detail. Worth a visit, but...


Being at the Haw Par Villa is like being Alice in wonderland through the looking glass! For as long as I can remember I have always found articles on singapore's haw par villa to be immensely fascinating. Owned by the famous tiger balm brothers (we all life tiger balm in south east Asia), this park is a tribute to Taoist...


I found that even though it seemed pretty run down, i really enjoyed it! The displays were interesting, and it was a nice walk; definitely a nice change to the city. Another reason i really enjoyed it is because it kind of reminded me of Miyazaki's movie "Spirited Away". Overall, i thought the trip was worth it.

Free entrance, located nearby MRT station (circle line- Haw Par Villa station). Lots of statue regarding chinese legends.

Been decade since I visited Haw Par Villa and it still fascinate me though the present condition is pretty run down unlike the 70' days where they have admission fee and many kiosk and refreshment,bites then but not anymore.
Mainly about Chinese mythology and MUST see is the "10 Gates Of Hell" whereby in short "what we do in this...


This place is fascinating right from the front gates. You have to think about in the context that it exists in now in the 21st century, and not expect it to be a fully-functioning modern amusement park. While it is run-down now it's obvious that there was a lot of love and effort poured into Haw Par Villa during its...


the history and idea behind Haw Par Villa was fascinating, but unfortunatly it was very run down, it is hard to see how they can maintain the grounds and displays as there is no entrance fee which is a shame, as there was a certain fascination with the place.

Spent about 2 hours walking through Haw Par Villa. I loved the opportunity to read the displays and learn a little about Chinese mythology. There is an MRT (subway) station at the entrance, the park is free, and there weren't many visitors to the location on a warm and humid Sunday.

I was visiting this site for the memory of our late father who just passed away 3 months ago. This place was very popular in the 70s. And my first trip to singapore with my father and mom was visiting this place. Its stay the same as I remembered it. It was a nice memory for my mom. I wish...


Set in a beautiful park, this place is overflowing with concrete painted statues of zoo animals, Buddhist stories and other oddities such as the Statue of Liberty. Fantastic!

Most the other reviews cover it adequately - an absolutely fascinating place that's frozen in time. Run down, neglected and fading it is nevertheless enthralling and one yearns to have seen it in its heyday before today's high tech visitor centres. It's set back off the road and you don't realise until you get in just how big it is....


The description of this place it says "It's like no other villa in the world" and that is so so true. It's hard to put into words as you look from display to display reminded of those plaster figure heads you saw at seaside fairs in the 70s. It is so weird it actually becomes good and some of the...


It was interesting for what a couple of businessmen had done to give back to the city. The Ten Courts of Hell were unusual.

Take the kids through the 10 Courts of Hell cave so they know what awaits them in the afterlife if they are naughty!
You learn a lot about Chinese culture and values from this weird place. It's completely rundown and has a fascinating history - infamous Tiger Balm, WWII, grand houses, mystery and intrigue. I couldn't tear myself away from...


It gives very unique experience to a tourist. Lots of works and efforts were made to produce so many different characters in the Villa.The experience to Hell was impressive,not possible to erase from our mind after the visit.

Those born in the sixties most likely will remember this place, glad that it's still around today. Visited it recently with some relatives from Malaysia and they liked it, though some of the exhibits are in need of repair. Some directional and exhibit signage are no longer legible but overall the park is still very much 'alive', having stood the...


This place was built many years ago. You will get to learn more about chinese folklore in this place. The good thing about this place is that it is free of charge.

The park, originally called "Tiger Balm Gardens", was built in 1937 by brothers Aw Boon Haw and Aw Boon Par, the developers of Tiger Balm (Safe, Fast and Effective. Pain relief without the Pills), as a venue for teaching traditional Chinese values. The park contains over 1,000 statues and 150 giant dioramas depicting scenes from Chinese folklore, legends, history and...


This place, years ago, was THE place to visit in Singapore. Now, it languishes in neglect overshadowed by technological wonders . It is a pity, as it could be re-vitalised using the very advances that have overshadowed it, to provide a fascinating insight into Chinese beliefs, myths and cultural practices. Nonetheless, it is an interesting place to wander through and...


Certainly not a theme park but worth a visit iif you are interested in chinese legends and folkores.

We were laughed at by local friends when we told them we visited this place. They were under the impression that it is run down and not worth visiting. It is unfortunate that local Singaporeans do not make good use of this place.
We had a Fu Pao Villa in Hong Kong (in the 1950s and 1960s) owned by the...


A place where you get to learn a lot of chinese cultural stuff. A little too hot to handle on a sunny day but overall, it was a good experience. Please bring your own drinks.

It tells us about our culture and beliefs. It'sold-fashioned authenticity from the past. I enjoy bringing my foreign guests here, telling them anecdotes linked to my childhood and the statues and artifacts on site.

I visited this place when it was called the Tiger Balm Gardens in the mid sixties. I have vivid memories of my visit when I was about 5 or 6 years old so I have always wanted to re-visit as an adult.
Sadly the place is in a bit of disarray and seems neglected. I enjoyed being there as it...


I think some of the most recent reviews are fairly relevant. In my opinion, this village is more suitable for children, or for those somewhat interested in Chinese fables. The good news is that the village is adjacent to the MTR, and there is no cost for admission. Additionally, due to the lack of crowds, it is quiet. Very quiet,...


After you have seen (or, like us after living here for 3 years, if you're a bit tired of) the Zoo, Gardens by the Bay, Bird park, Science Center and so on, Haw Par Villa is definitely place worth visiting. It consists of many, many statues depicting Chinese mythological stories, so anyone interested in Chinese culture should come here.
For...


Very cultural tour, many statues and it has all their stories. Especially good is the 18th level of Hell walk. It's creepy and it really scare the children off. It provide a good lesson to teach children not to do bad things.

I last visited 18 years ago, there was an admission charge, there was hardly anybody there, and it was all rather depressing.
Great changes this time. Entry is free, it was still quiet, but rather busier, and signs of repainting going on everywhere.
If you've only got a couple of days in Singapore, I'd give it a miss, but if...


We were told about this attraction by our hotel and after spending 8 days in Singapore we found this to be the 'hidden gem' of our trip!
Yes it's unusual - like Disneyland with tumbleweeds! There is a truly peaceful feel there as you wander through display after display of Chinese mythology figures. The ponds are full of small turtles...


Have been knowing about this famous since I was small. During old time, whoever who visits Singapore must visit Haw Par Villa as well! Anyway, there is now a MRT station call Haw Par Villa(circle line). You may reach directly at the door step of it. Everyone can enter for free. Feel free to go there to snap as much...


This think this villa should be shut down. if the average stay of visitors to Singapore is only two days, taking time to this place will deprive them of visiting much nicer places in Singapore, and they would leave with a not so nice impression of Singapore. the workmanships are crude and the whole experience is boring.

Unbelievable sculptures of half human/half sea creatures. Don't miss the Courts of Hell (not for kids!) It's a bizarre collection of scenes--go before it's gone. Rumor has it that the serene Haw Par Villa won't survive much longer in money-hungry Singapore.

I guess this is one of places only some of the Western visitors find - and like. but whenever I visited there were quite a number of ethnic Chinese people about - young and old. The displays are pretty old style, colourful and you are admonished to do the morally right thing pretty straight. I liked the display of the...


Where Chinese parents take their kids to scare them with myths (ok I still truly believe some of them) if they do wrong things in life. You dont get to see such metaphors of "hell" anywhere really. I was there really long ago and I loved that place. If you could get a S'pore/M'sian Chinese to give you a tour...


Too many fake exhibits and machinery that didn't work really well

Marketed as a a traditional Chinese theme-park... This strange garden is full of weird, brutal and often horrifying sculptures. Worth a visit just to be confused and shocked. Look it up on Wiki before you go and learn about the myths and legends that are depicted, as the plaques aren't really in English (well it IS a Chinese park...). Highlight...


Although it might not worth the trip, this is a nice walk for familly with young children. They can run around and play hide and seek among the premises.

Very bored. But for those into Eastern religions, this may be interesting.

Would have been better if it has been properly maintained

We went there in the middle of the afternoon and it was still sweltering hot. I didn't mind though as the place was quite interesting. Starting from the bottom of the hill going up we passed wonderful chinese mythological characters but some figures were bordering on the grotesque. The MRT is just a few meters away from the entrance and...


Its not on the radar of Tourist. Quite left out. Maybe something should be done to give it a boost. Hardly I see anyone visiting this place.

I am not sure what to make of this, I have been here years ago when I young and remember liking it. But it is very strange and I am not sure what to say really other than it is free and bizarre. Its also easy to get to on the MRT and is just a short walk from the...


Was going back to Haw Par Villa after almost 20years. Was quite sad to see that it has been badly neglected. But at the same time, glad that effort being made to bring the attraction up to date. STB needs to do more to create positive awareness for this prized location.

An old forgotten place by most people but it is an excellent off beat place to visit. Interesting chinese folklore based sculpture.

Before visiting Singapore we looked through a lot of travel guides and websites, none of which suggested Haw Par Villa - this surprised me, as it was one of the funniest parts of our trip to Singapore.
Everything is quite bizarre and completely out of character for modern day Singapore, as well as being very quiet. As with every part...


Withouth any prior knowledge of Haw Par Villa, my girlfriend and I stumbled in. We were very surprised. Really cool place.

the place is really run down and i guess maintenance ended many years back. It shows gross exhibites of hell which is not really suited for children.

We visited Haw Par Villa on a round island tour, unfortunately due to time constraints we didn't see the whole place but enjoyed what we saw and look forward to going back and spending more time exploring. It's an interesting concept; some amazing dioramas that are very colourful if not a little gaudy! Just a hint if travelling with young...


I first visited Tiger Balm Gardens/Haw Par Villa in the mid 1960s when a small boy and was fascinated by it all - particularly the 10 Courts of Hell. Having visited recently it was great to see it was still in in good condition; although very very quiet. In the '60s it was one of only a few attractions on...


We brought our two young children to this on our latest visit and we had an excellent day. It is s bit creepy and beaten up but not in a scary or intimidating way. The statues and the turtle pond amused the children and the staff were uniformly charming and helpful. We took the bus and enjoyed our trip through...


Do not leave Singapore without visiting this place! It's wierd, wacky and a bit macabre. A hundred miles from your air-conditioned expensive shopping malls that the guides tell you to visit. I visited five years ago and once again in July and nothing had changed. It is free to get in and there is hardly anyone else walking around. It...


Well, first I must say that, from an American perspective, you have to go into this exhibit with an open mind. Not being well-versed in Chinese religion or lore puts us at a great disadvantage. It was an odd, creepy display of folklore, and Chinese mythology. I am told by my local Asian friends that these are the tales they...


This was an interesting look into the old Chinese gods and their stories. The whole place could use some spiffing up and a coat of paint. Was worth 30 min. just to see what it is, but not a major tourist attraction.

So many people warned me off Haw Par Villa saying it was creepy and gave them nightmares. I will not deny that it is creepy - but the best kind of creepy!
This is an incredible and gruesome park of folk art wonder. I could not get enough of the creativity, the overt gore, the colours and the cool narratives....


Took us about three hours to see and understand everything (well, almost everything) at this unique place which gives you such an insight to the Chinese culture and religion in such an easy way. We went there on Singa national day (August 9) and it was not abandoned at all. There were families visiting, having picnics, local visitors of all...


It is colourful and interesting. It gives us an insight into some aspects of the Chinese culture. I found the depiction of hell graphic.

Haw Par Villa is an interesting experience, as an Australian it is interesting to visit the place where Australian soldiers went for off duty relaxation before the fall of Singapore and took rolls of interesting photos. Definitely a unique experience.

This free outdoor park is full of sculptures that depict traditional chinese tales such as Journey to the West. There is not much shelter and no food vendor except for few drinks vending machines. This park is rather small and you should be able to complete within 2 hours. The Haw Par Villa Station CC25 is just beside the park...


Old abondened theme park about chinese legends and mythes. Especially interesting are the "10 gates of hell" about the consequences of your sins. Most of the children from Singapore went here as an educational experience, and had nightmares for weeks after.
Bring your own drinks and food because there aren's any shops or stalls.

Never seen anything remotely like it. If you're looking for quality sculpture, look elsewhere. But if you're looking for an extravaganza of kitsch and a sort of introduction to Chinese mythology, this is the place for you. The 10 Courts of Hell, with some stunningly gory and graphic dioramas is proably the most eye-catching exhibit, but there's much, much more....


This used to be a private garden of a wealthy family in Singapore in the early 1900s. Today, it was open to public and visitors can have a tour of the Chinese myth theme garden. Entrance is free of charge.

U'll get to see the 18 levels of hell or the life after death and other tales..
Nothing scary.

It was alright, but there were alot of mosquitoes. And it was pretty boring. Other than the exhibition of the 18 levels of hell, there were nothing much to see.

Statues and dioramas of the depiction of the many levels of hell. Chinese folklore characters. Quite a weird place to visit and many exhibits not for the faint hearted.

Took the circle line using Singapore MRT, the villa is only some minutes walk away from its newly built train station (Haw Par Villa MRT stop). Saw some nice sculptures and statues but can't figure out why the statue of liberty of the USA is also there? Indeed some of the sculptures/statues don't make sense :$ Think in overall the...


I love this place. Sure, some of it looks a little tired but maintaining it would be a massive undertaking. Whenever I am there someone is working or repainting one of the exhibitions. This is an outdoor attraction, early morning or afternoon recommended. It gets hot middle of the day. The HUGE dioramas and mythological stories attached are marvellous. I...


Few of the free admission attractions in Singapore with a strong culture element. It is a Wonder in Singapore as well because the Tour Promotion Board had only a light touch on it!

pity the place being left in near ruins. could have been a better place for an educative tour with the kids if someone could restore it to its former glory.

Not known to many, including myself as a traveller, I found out about this after being told by a local. A scary yet fascinating theme park with dioramas based on the Chinese myth, legends and teachings. Worth a visit.

Not Maintained at all.. just a place with lots of statues nothing more.. back in the day it might have been great.. but.. its just boring.

It was a nice way to spend a relaxing day. I'd suggest going on an overcast day, as it's hot being out in the sun and it's mostly out doors. It's old, but the history is interesting.

The mystery of Ancient Chinese believes that still lives today in many chinese hearts. One of a kind. You need to be there for the visual experience.

This attraction was set up by the brothers who founded Tiger Balm. It's a free and very quirky landscape of different brightly painted statues depicting different chinese legends. Some are very strange and some are quite disturbing.
If you're a tourist with a few days to spend, unless you have a love of kitch, go elsewhere.
If you're looking for...


That was my 3 time in Singapore and I wanted to see something new and without crowds of tourists. Har Par Villa impressed me very much, dioramas are so visual. But not for small kids I think. Also HPV was very cognitive for me as I don't know a lot about Chinese legends. It is free and don't take much...


I will pass by this place every week as I currently reside next to this attraction (not sure whether you can call it an attraction).
This is a rather strange place to visit. It has been around for a long time and is open to the public, free of charge. Despite it being free, it was not that popular previously,...


This is a garden with numerous dioramas of Chinese legends. The atmosphere is odd and a little tacky. As others have written, it feels like a deserted theme park. The most interesting exhibit for me was the Ten Courts of Hell, but I think it would be too gruesome for most young children. This is a free attraction that is...


This is a park with a lot of painted figurines that's supposedly trying to convey certain theme / value e.g. filial piety, good beget good and evil beget evil etc.
Some might walk away scoffing it as an over-rated place, but is a unique experience that you might not see anywhere else. The MRT line has been extended to Haw...


This is a very unusual place to visit - like a deserted theme park. Free and fun to walk around and read about the images. Some graphic not for small children.

OK its seen better days but this attraction was the number one tourist spot.
Its free now and although it gets a bad rap from some posters and I can see their point it has a charm. Tacky yes but its a curio worth seeing.

This is truly a unique experience with a great history and is a window into the Singapore culture.

Location is not convenient and premise is poorly maintained

It used to be the place we go to in the past. it was neglected by the Government for years and the whole place is pretty run down. Not recommended.

This place suffers from a serious lack of publicity! Most Singaporeans I know either think it's long closed or it's not worth bothering with. It's totally free now (even the 10 courts of hell) like previous reviews said take some shade, there's a lot of uphill climbing, it gets HOT and don't forget your camera!

Unique place of interest featuring the best of chinese folklore (Example: 10 Courts of Hell). A walk through there will remind you the punishment that one is supposed to be getting for the various sins that you commit throughout your lifetime. Good for scaring your children to behave (If you can keep their eyes open, that is!)
It's amazing that...


Admission is free and it is just next to the Haw Par Villa. What are you waiting for - visit the place now be awed by the statues which tell many stories..

Calling it a theme park may be a bit exaggerating, but it was really fun to watch all those ancient Chinese myths/stories sculptures. The 10 courts of Hell were both scary and hilarious at the same time. I visited the Hong Kong Haw Par Villa long long time ago as a kid and now that the Hong Kong one is...


I was here when in 1993' couldnt remember what it was like back then. But now its free for the entrance fee. And not so crowded like the universal studio, no food seller, i think because lack of customer.
In front lies mrt station, which was very great if you had never been to this park. You should try. Especially...


I first visited Tiger balm gardens in 1967-1969.
It was clean & well looked after. Now it is looking very shabby, witj lumps of conrete falling off.
The entrance has faired better,& is just as I remembered it - bright & maintained properly. However further in you can see the decay, but they do seem to be coming to grips...


The tiger balm garden was really very nice. It gave me an exceptionally good peace of mind.

This might be the weirdest/ most freaky "amusement park" you have ever been to.... We were visiting Singapore for a couple of days and a friend of mine that has been living there for 2-3 years said that after we had done all the tourist things we had to do something really different... and, boy, was it different...! Its this...


Compared to all the other attractions in Singapore this place of history highlights a uniqueness and character of a past time when Singapore was a mere quaint little nation. Its beauty lies in its charm that is basically unchanged since it was first set up in the late 1930's by the two brothers that made 'Tiger Balm'. If you are...


i saw the pictures in a guide book and was compelled to visit but have to admit that it was a complete surprise. The whole attraction is obviously in need of a cash injection and a marketing revamp, such a shame that it has been left to stagnate as it could be so much more than it is at the...


What were they thinking when they designed this place for their children? The 12 paths to hell! It was like a puppet show but gory. It was tacky and not worth the entry fee! Don't bother taking a camera if you do the bus tour that stops there. There is a statue of liberty with an asian face! Weird!!!! My...


We visited Haw Par Villa in Aug 2009. This is the second time we have visited here - first time was in 1982 when last in Singapore. Still it was fascinating, gruesome, bizarre and at the same time very interesting. Built in 1937, Haw Par Villa describes Chinese folklore.
There are hundreds of statues and figurines that replicate Chinese mythology...


We only went to Haw Paw Villa as my husband had business to attend to nearby. The villa itself is rather dated but has an interesting story and history.
What was exceptionally good though is the new Chinese Immigration Museum located within the gardens.
We had a guided tour (S$8.60) by a lovely gentleman called Richard who explained that this...


The concierge at our hotel and our taxi driver both tried to dissuade us, to not waste our time with Haw Par Villa but we had heard it was quite interesting and were determined to see for ourselves. Of all the sights and places of interest that we visited ,I think this was the least interesting and as we were...


I wasn't sure what to expect from Haw Par Villa and the only thing I knew was that it was old amusement park built in the 1930's that was now a free attraction. We took a taxi that cost about $5 from our hotel. Haw Par Villa is a bizarre and vivid mix of statues that show or explain Chinese...

